2023-02-28 Don Pierson

This is a version 7 of the Ven_GWLFHydro_DOC model. It is based on the last update to the v6 model by Ricardo.

This version has several additional changes and improvements

The model can now better handle input files that have different lengths (especially the measurred DOC data).  
So it is now possible to run all model simulations and calibrations with the same input data files

I have broken up the DOC decomposition calculation into two separate parts.  One dealing with temperature 
effects and a second part that further modifies the decomposition rate as a function of soil moisture. 
Hopefully this makes it easier to understand how each climate effect affects the decomposition rate

I have tried to provide a more consistent naming convention to some of the models internal variables 
in the optimization and error term views
 
2023-03-06 Don Pierson
 
Checked to be sure new model works for DOC calib >> few minor changes
Fixed DOC NSE calculations
Improved units and comnenting in DOC section of model

2023-03-12 Don Pierson
Some small changes in the comments in the DOC model
Added some addtional variables to the Optimization view that may be useful for DOC calibartion

2023-03-12 Don Pierson
One additional objective function for DOC added to the optimizing view

2023-03-15 Don Pierson
One more objective function to calibrate DOC decomposition bases on comparison of total decomposition 
to measured DOC export added to the optimizing view.

2023-03-20 Ricardo Paiz

HYDROLOGY MODEL
new variable added: recharge. Equation: " recharge = percolation+unsat leakage".

Then, ‘percolation’ was replaced with "recharge" in the following equations:

Satzone equation modified from "Satzone = percolation + unsat leakage - fast gwflow - deep seep - deep percolation" to "Satzone = recharge + unsat leakage - fast gwflow - deep seep - deep percolation"

Deep percolation equation modified from "Deep percolation = MIN((DEEP GW CAP-Deep Satzone),(Satzone+percolation-fast gwflow- deep seep))" to "Deep percolation = MIN((DEEP GW CAP-Deep Satzone),(Satzone+recharge-fast gwflow- deep seep))"

DOC MODEL
Perc loss equation in the DOC view changed from "MAX(slow rate * available C in unsatzone * percolation,0)" to "IF THEN ELSE( fast gwflow>0, MAX(slow rate * available C in unsatzone * recharge,0),0)"

2023-03-28 Don Pierson
A couple of additional functions added to the optimization view.  These are used in the DOC optimisation
workflow.
