2023-10-02 
Inital upload New version on model is working.  However, there is almost a 10x difference in the concentrations 
simulated by the newversion (DOC 2) model and the original model developed by Pam Naden in CLIME

2023-10-03
Added a view for calculation of Annual means

2023-10-08
Changed the calculation of deep perc in DOC model 2 to be similar to that in the hydrology model
Restored the Deep Perc calculation in the hydrology model back to the original version that accounts
for Today inpus as well as the level on day -1

2023-10-12
Added calculations of concentrations and also a new view to calculate annual mean values
Fixed the caluclations of perc in the hydrology and of C loss Deep Perc in the new DOC model

2023-10-22
Now fixed the calculation of deep percolation so that it is now possible to leave a minimal
amount of water in the sat zone even when there is a large demand from the deep sat zone. 
This makes it possible to calculate concentrations of C in the Sat Zone without really large
values.  Added some more variables to the annual mean view.  Fixed default viewing graphs to
show year and not elapsed day on the X axis.

2023-10-15 
Changed the variables in the optimization and error calculation views to read in DOC 
concentration data from DOC model 2 instead of DOC model 1

2023-12-27
Several changes to the model to improve the simulation of DOC concentrations.  In previous
version it was impossible to reduce the simulated variability in DOC to match that of the
measured data.  This version seems to improved this Three changes were made
	1) The two loss rates (Fast GW and Deep Perc) from the saturated zone are now linked 
           to one common loss function.  Increase in one loss will result in a decrease in 
	       the loss from the other
	2) C Loss Fast GW now related to discharge by a power function.  This allows loss to
           rise rapidly with discharge and buffer the stream concentration.
	3) C Loss Slow GW now also based on power function.
Also removed some redundant variable from the model and improved the custom DOC graph set to include
plot of the two power loss functions described above.  Now separate graph sets for hydrology and DOC 
models

2024-01-03
Small change to the calculation of total decomposition.  This was calculated by multiplying by
total watershed area, now it is calculated by multiplying by the area of DOC producing land
uses.
